layers: Create ImageAccess Object (#5844)
KhronosGroup/Vulkan-ValidationLayers: docs/shader_validation.md

There are validation checks that need care only if the variable is accessed.
This requires a `OpImage*` instruction to access the variable.

Most Accesses look like

```
OpImage* -> OpLoad -> OpAccessChain (optional) -> OpVariable
```

There are a few exceptions:

An Image Fetch has an `OpImage` prior to the `OpLoad`

```
OpImageFetch -> OpImage -> OpLoad -> OpVariable
```

Atomics use `OpImageTexelPointer` instead of `OpLoad`

```
OpAtomicLoad -> OpImageTexelPointer -> OpVariable
```

The biggest thing to consider is using either a

- `VK_DESCRIPTOR_TYPE_COMBINED_IMAGE_SAMPLER`
- `VK_DESCRIPTOR_TYPE_SAMPLER` and `VK_DESCRIPTOR_TYPE_SAMPLED_IMAGE` combo

```
// VK_DESCRIPTOR_TYPE_COMBINED_IMAGE_SAMPLER
OpImageSampleExplicitLod -> OpLoad -> OpAccessChain (optional) -> OpVariable -> OpTypePointer -> OpTypeSampledImage

// VK_DESCRIPTOR_TYPE_SAMPLER and VK_DESCRIPTOR_TYPE_SAMPLED_IMAGE
OpImageSampleImplicitLod -> OpSampledImage -> OpTypeSampledImage
                                           -> OpLoad -> OpAccessChain (optional) -> OpVariable (image)
                                           -> OpLoad -> OpAccessChain (optional) -> OpVariable (sampler)
```

> Both contain a `OpTypeSampledImage` that how we know a `VkSampler` is involved

Author: ```suggestion
Both contain a `OpTypeSampledImage`, which is how we know a `VkSampler` is being used with the variable
```
